=====
About
=====

:date: 2014-03-19 00:51

The society is dedicated to benefit the students and widen their academic
horizon by organising social and educational events. Technology excites us, and
we want to create a community that cultivates this by having an entertaining and
interesting environment between passionate students.

The Society embodies the curiosity of all our members. Together we explore and
tinker with all things intriguing ranging from assembly languages to interface
design. With a growing array of technologies we can discover and create new
things every day.

`Join us <http://www.qmsu.org/groups/ESociety/>`__, and share our passion.

If you have any questions contact `Henrik Skogmo <h.skogmo@se13.qmul.ac.uk>`__
or `Dmitrijs Milajevs <d.milajevs@qmul.ac.uk>`__.

Activities
==========

Our aim is to build a community where knowledge is shared and ideas are
implemented. To achieve it we organize the following:


Blog
----
.. It's ugly, but i don't really know how to refer to arhives.html

Share opinionated articles on technical topics on `our blog </archives.html>`__.
If you know something special write an article about it. Check the blog
regularly, as there are articles written by your peers who had to solve the same
problems as you do. And remember, the best way to learn something is to explain
it so somebody else.

Taster Sessions
---------------

Give an introduction to new technologies that are not yet adopted by the
industry. For example, `Hacklang <http://hacklang.org/>`__, `PostgreSQL 9.4
hstore`__ and anything else you can find promising.

__ http://git.postgresql.org/gitweb/?p=postgresql.git;a=commitdiff;h=d9134d0a355cfa447adc80db4505d5931084278a

Workshops
---------

Organize workshops on topics related to computing, such as `Introduction to
version control`__.

__ http://apawlik.github.io/2014-02-03-TGAC/lessons/tgac/version-control/tutorial.html

Hackathons
----------

Being equipped with leading edge knowledge we test it by organizing programming
sessions over a weekend to implement a cool idea. Frankly, we just look for beer
and pizza.

Competitions
------------

Prepare ourselves for `programming competitions`__ by studying data structures and
algorithms. Organize such competition to figure out the smartest programmer.

__ http://www.eecs.qmul.ac.uk/news/view/eecs-programming-competition-2014-winners-announced

Project Acceleration
--------------------

Give any kind of help so you could implement `your idea`__.

__ https://github.com/qmcs/qmcs.github.io/issues?labels=project&page=1

Career Guidance
---------------

Link students with companies. Even a super star developer needs to find a place
to work after the graduation!
